It's been many years since tangible coins like these have been used for mainstream circulation. Once BitCoin caught on, most people exchanged in their savings without a second thought. Physical currency was all but abandoned, and those who refused to adapt were cast into obscurity.

It's hard to describe the feeling that one feels when they hold a token like this. For some, they feel disappointment, or even disgust. Perhaps they're disgusted by the concept of dirty, archaic coins like these. A hunk of alloy like this serves no purpose other than to be the bane of the common man's existence. They're the perfect size to wedge themselves into any place you wouldn't desire it. Deep in a pocket, lost in a couch cushion, or worst of all, taking up precious space in your inventory.

For others, it's a feeling of sentiment. Coins can be more than just parking meter fodder, after all. They're an onverlooked piece of history, something that was the part of billions of lives for millenia. It's easy to begin reminiscing about the giddy feeling of finding a penny heads-up on the sidewalk. Or visiting a musty arcade with a plastic cup full of corroded tokens. And no one can debate the sheer power and authority of an authentic coin flip.

Today, these golden coins share the message of celebration. The best part of the Lunar New Year is the privilage of being a guest in Yen's Corner Store. The feeling these give is of hope, and goodwill. The bustling of a well-fed crowd. The smell of fresh dumplings steaming on a plate. Yen's smile as she and her family serve their culinary art to ravenous patrons. It's a feeling of warmth, of something better than the daily power struggle between gangs, tech giants, and anyone who crosses the wrong path.

You blink. You've been standing in the street, clutching this coin for an indeterminate amount of time. It doesn't take long for the warm memories of Yen's to slip your mind. It's snowing again. It's cold. Come to think of it, it's probably not safe here. As you continue to trudge onwards, you can't seem to stop thinking about sushi...
